well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
first presidential debate
because that happened last night if you
didn't watch it i'll give you a
quick recap but at the end of the day
there was
really only one takeaway one thing that
mattered
everything else went uh pretty much
as we would expect
no real surprises a couple of moments
that everybody was like yup
knew that was gonna happen but uh
nothing nothing really shocking okay so
quick recap yeah as far as biden's
mental faculties
they're there there there that wasn't
true
big surprise think we all knew that
trump attempted to bully and interrupt
biden at every opportunity
i think we all knew that was coming no
big surprise there
biden didn't take his bait no big
surprise there
you know biden's been around a long time
he saw that coming
uh trump floated a bunch of
baseless theories no big surprise there
that's who trump likes to keep us his
base
those who are easily influenced it's not
a shock
didn't get a whole lot of pushback from
wallace on that
but more than expected to be honest
um trump did
uh refuse to condemn a certain group of
people
that was i mean it's not really a
surprise
we all knew it but it was still kind of
shocking to see it play out
um but i would suggest that if it is a
surprise to you that trump loves his
racist fans
that well maybe you're not informed
enough to be going anywhere on november
third
that's a pretty well known fact the end
of the day
the only real takeaway the only real
divide the only real thing that we saw
that
i don't think anybody expected was
uh how stark the difference is
when it comes to encouraging people to
vote
trump actively attempted to undermine
the election
and suppress the vote yeah i mean
we know he does that but it was
pronounced
biden wanted to encourage people
so why did trump want to suppress it i
think that's one of the most telling
things in the debate
to be honest because he knows his
uh policies cost people their job
he knows he's unpopular he knows his
indecision and
ineptitude led to the loss of family
members he knows he destroyed the
economy he knows he's a failure
he knows that people don't support him
therefore
he's going to try to cast out on the
election
undermine it and suppress a vote so he
can say
it's rigged so he can blame somebody
else for his failures
as he has done his entire administration
biden wants a high voter turnout
he wants people to vote why
because he knows trump's policies cost
people their jobs
he knows he's unpopular he knows trump's
indecision
costs people family members he knows
he destroyed the economy he knows he's a
failure he knows that people don't
support
trump so he wants high voter turnout
in the hopes of making the vote so
lopsided
that any legal challenges that trump
might
push forward are uh
moot because the turnout is so high and
it is so in
biden's favor that we can get this
resolved quickly
we don't have to wait months as trump
kept saying
other than that single takeaway
it was the dumpster fire everybody
expected it was uh
the perfect debate for 2020.
i don't uh i don't foresee these being
very
productive i don't think anybody's mind
is really going to be changed by these
it's a bunch of trump interrupting
trying to display dominance
with somebody who literally doesn't even
care that he's on the stage
to be honest he's
biden was very dismissive of his attacks
biden uh kind of
i think that there's a part of biden
that is embarrassed to be on the stage
with trump
um i can't say i blame him to be honest
that was the least presidential thing
i've ever seen in my life
and i don't really have a lot of high
expectations
for the behavior of presidents but trump
failed to meet any of them
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day